feat: Support cbr slz (#745)
terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-landing-zone: README.md

- The virtual server (VSI) pattern deploys identical virtual servers across the VSI subnet tier in each VPC
- The Red Hat OpenShift Kubernetes (ROKS) pattern deploys identical clusters across the VSI subnet tier in each VPC
- The mixed pattern provisions both of these elements

> - Adds VPC CRNs to an existing CBR zone if the existing CBR zone ID is passed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- VPC CRNs that are added to an existing context (network zone) if the existing CBR zone ID is specified.
```

Keeping the list items parallel. If it doesn't really `create` the VPC CRNS, we should move this to its own line. As in, "In addition, each pattern adds the VPC CRNs to an existing..."
